README.md, before:

# MEMU - Memotech EMUlator

The [Memotech MTX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memotech_MTX) series of computers were superior
8-bit computers of the 1980s. Although initially supplied with a ROM BASIC later addons included
disk drives of various formats, which could be accessed from extensions to the ROM BASIC or the
system could boot CP/M 2.2.

The definitive source of information about Memotech computers is
[Dave Stevenson's site](http://primrosebank.net/computers/mtx/mtx512.htm).

MEMU is a full featured emulator of the MTX systems originally written by
Andy Key. Andy's version of MEMU is available for Microsoft Windows or Linux from
[here](http://www.nyangau.org/memu/memu.htm).

This repository was originally just a port of MEMU to run on a Raspberry Pi Pico.
It now includes all my current ports of MEMU. It includes versions for:

* Raspberry Pi Pico: A cut-down version due to Pico capacity limits.
* Linux X-Window: Displays in multiple windows.
* Linux Framebuffer: No GUI required. One display at a time, full-screen.
* Raspberry Pi: A Linux build with the ability to use GPIO to connect additional hardware.
* Bare-Metal Raspberry Pi: Runs without any operating system using the Circle library.
* Microsoft Windows: Does not have DART or Network emulation.

Work is still needed to clean the code. There are probably bugs, and there is certainly
diagnostic code.

For build and usage information, see the [documentation](docs/index.html).

The game "TOADO" on MEMU running on a Raspberry Pi Pico.
![MEMU on a Pico](docs/MEMU_Pico.jpg)

## Licence

To conform with the terms of Andy Key's original release, all the MEMU specific code is
released according to the [Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/).

This port of MEMU relies on other open source software which is subject to other terms,
see appropriate source files:

* FatFS - Copyright (C) 20xx, ChaN
* Z80 Emulation - Copyright (C) Marat Fayzullin 1994,1995,1996,1997
* Circle Bare-Metal libraries - Copyright (C) 2014-2020  R. Stange <rsta2@o2online.de>

Commit message:

Revisions due to tinyusb API changes in Pico SDK v1.2

README.md, after:

# MEMU - Memotech EMUlator

The [Memotech MTX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Memotech_MTX) series of computers were superior
8-bit computers of the 1980s. Although initially supplied with a ROM BASIC later addons included
disk drives of various formats, which could be accessed from extensions to the ROM BASIC or the
system could boot CP/M 2.2.

The definitive source of information about Memotech computers is
[Dave Stevenson's site](http://primrosebank.net/computers/mtx/mtx512.htm).

MEMU is a full featured emulator of the MTX systems originally written by
Andy Key. Andy's version of MEMU is available for Microsoft Windows or Linux from
[here](http://www.nyangau.org/memu/memu.htm).

This repository was originally just a port of MEMU to run on a Raspberry Pi Pico.
It now includes all my current ports of MEMU. It includes versions for:

* Raspberry Pi Pico: A cut-down version due to Pico capacity limits.
* Linux X-Window: Displays in multiple windows.
* Linux Framebuffer: No GUI required. One display at a time, full-screen.
* Raspberry Pi: A Linux build with the ability to use GPIO to connect additional hardware.
* Bare-Metal Raspberry Pi: Runs without any operating system using the Circle library.
* Microsoft Windows: Does not have DART or Network emulation.

Work is still needed to clean the code. There are probably bugs, and there is certainly
diagnostic code.

For build and usage information, see the [documentation](docs/index.html).

The game "TOADO" on MEMU running on a Raspberry Pi Pico.
![MEMU on a Pico](docs/MEMU_Pico.jpg)

## Pico SDK Version 1.2

The code has been modified for the changes to tinyusb API, however there is an occasional
panic in the USB code that has yet to be resolved.

## Licence

To conform with the terms of Andy Key's original release, all the MEMU specific code is
released according to the [Unlicense](https://unlicense.org/).

This port of MEMU relies on other open source software which is subject to other terms,
see appropriate source files:

* FatFS - Copyright (C) 20xx, ChaN
* Z80 Emulation - Copyright (C) Marat Fayzullin 1994,1995,1996,1997
* Circle Bare-Metal libraries - Copyright (C) 2014-2020  R. Stange <rsta2@o2online.de>
